Pontoon documentation: Update search_filters.md (#217)
mozilla-l10n/localizer-documentation: src/tools/pontoon/search_filters.md

> <!-- toc -->

Reviewer: Looking at the rendered page and given the size of content, I think we can lose this.

Author: Removed.

## Search

> It’s possible to search within a project using the search field. Searches include strings, string IDs and comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It’s possible to search within the currently selected project using the search field. Searches include strings, string IDs and comments.
```

Technically, you can search in All Projects, which is not a project. Not sure if my suggestion makes more sense.

Author: I think this suggestion works.

![Search field](../../assets/images/pontoon/search_filters/search_field.png)

> Note that searches take active [filters](#filters) into account, for example a search would be performed only on missing strings if that filter is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that searches take active [filters](#filters) into account, for example a search would be performed only on missing strings if that filter was previously selected.
```

## Filters

### Translation status

Strings in Pontoon can be filtered by their status. A string can be in one of the following status:
* *Translated*: string has an approved translation. The translation is saved to the localized file when using a [version control system](glossary.md#version-control-system) (VCS).
* *Pretranslated*: string has been pretranslated but has not been reviewed. Unreviewed pretranslation are saved to the localized file when using a VCS.
* *Warnings*: string contains issues classified as [warnings](translate.md#warnings).
* *Errors*: string contains [critical issues](translate.md#errors).
* *Missing*: string doesn’t have any approved translations. String is not available in the localized file when using a VCS.
* *Unreviewed*: string has unreviewed suggested translations – either to a string with an existing approved translation, or to a missing string – but not reviewed yet by someone with the appropriate [permissions](glossary.md#permission). Note that, in both cases, the suggested translation only exists within the Pontoon database and is not saved to the localized file when using a VCS.

### Extra Filters

> Intro  

Author: Placeholder I never filled out, fixed.
